Update Community Builder guide (#9271)
Couchers-org/couchers: app/web/markdown/documents/community-builder.md

Welcome to the Couchers.org team! It's an exciting time here, and you're coming on as one of our first Community Builders to help achieve a critical mass of users.

> Community Builders (CBs) are more than just ambassadors, as the Couchers.org platform is centred around the communities that they manage. They are the volunteers responsible for growing and populating the platform itself through local outreach while moderating, running events, and organizing in other ways. Simply put, we would like you to **build a thriving local community**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community Builders (CBs) are more than just ambassadors, as the Couchers.org platform is centered around the communities that they manage. They are the volunteers responsible for growing and populating the platform itself through local outreach while moderating, running events, and organizing in other ways. Simply put, we would like you to **build a thriving local community**.
```

> Community Builders (CBs) are more than just ambassadors, as the Couchers.org platform is centered around the communities that they manage. They are the volunteers responsible for growing and populating the platform itself through local outreach while moderating, running events, and organizing in other ways. Simply put, we would like you to **build a thriving local community**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Community Builders (CBs) are more than just ambassadors within their community, as the Couchers.org platform is centered around the communities that they help manage. They are the volunteers responsible for helping grow the platform organically through engagement with the local community while organizing or supporting events, participating in discussions, welcoming new members, and helping support trust, safety, and our values. Simply put, we would like you to help **build a thriving local couch surfing community** on Couchers.org.
```

> Our core growth strategy is to grow a network of Community Builders around the world, each connecting us with other couch surfing community organizers in their network, bringing their own local communities on board, and facilitating activity on the platform. With this core foundation built on trust, we will be able to expand the userbase sustainably, open communication channels, and create a platform that reunites the global couch surfing community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our core growth strategy centers on expanding and empowering our global network of Community Builders. We rely on these local leaders not just to onboard members and spark activity, but to actively uphold our standards of trust, safety, and values. By prioritizing values-aligned growth over sheer numbers, Community Builders bridge the gap between their local communities and the Couchers organization. This ensures we scale sustainably, collaborate effectively, and remain a platform built by and for the global couch surfing community.
```

## About being a Community Builder

You are representing Couchers.org, your actions affect how members of your local community precive the platform! To ensure everyone feels welcomed and safe you need to remain neutral, welcoming, and constructive, especially when interacting with members who might be frustrated by bugs or missing features on a new platform. Our support team is always there to help if you need us!

**On the Couchers.org platform**, your responsibilities are to create a community page, keep it active through discussions and events, maintain public information, and make sure all content and member actions are following the Community Guidelines, Rules, and our Terms of Service. Furthermore you are the bridge betweeen our member and the volunteer team. Gathering and forwarding community feedback is essential to ensure the project stays community driven and lead. 

> **Outside of Couchers.org**, you are critical to our outreach which you can do through bringing your local community onto the platform and by sharing Couchers.org through word of mouth, online spaces, and media outlets. Reach out to other CBs and CBPMs to learn more about how you can contribute.

Reviewer: What is a CBPM?

Reviewer 2: Community Builder Program Manager. The role description is listed here: https://couchers.org/volunteer/community-builder-program-manager

Right now only Chris K and Iason are CBPMs
